---
Date: 2018-05-29 -0400
Layout: artist
Published: true
Focus: pianist
photo: 21273645_761680144011568_2638129967225189617_o (1) (1).jpg
---
Isabel Pérez Dobarro has appeared in solo recitals and chamber music concerts at the Stern Auditorium, Zankel Hall, and Weill Recital Hall at Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, Steinway Hall, Japan Society, Academy of Arts and Letters, Tenri Cultural Institute, Yamaha Center, DiMenna Center, Liederkranz Foundation, Rachmaninoff Hall at the Tchaikovsky Conservatory in Moscow, Sala Manuel de Falla, Ateneo de Madrid, and Sala Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli in Bolzano, Italy.  She was a prizewinner at the American Protegé International Piano and Strings Competition (2nd Prize), Grand Prize Virtuoso International Competition (3rd Prize), Ciutat de Berga International Competition (1st Prize) and the Cidade do Fundao Piano International Competition (1st Prize), as well as the recipient of the Jorge Bolet Distinguished Performer Award at the Stony Brook International Piano Festival. 

She recently performed at the Concert for a Sustainable Planet at Carnegie Hall along with cellist Yo-Yo Ma and members of the New York Philharmonic. In January 2018, she was a soloist with the Real Filharmonia de Galicia Orchestra under the baton of maestro Diego Masson. 

Isabel has taught masterclasses at the Manuel Peleteiro Conservatory and the New York University´s Undergraduate Collegium. She has also given lectures and speeches at the Nobel Peace Prize Forum, United Nations General Assembly, ECOSOC Youth Forum, European Parliament within the European Arts Forum, I Jornadas Sostenibilidad e Instituciones Culturales, University of Michigan, IE University in Madrid, University of Vechta, Columbia University, Carnegie Hall, and Casina Pio IV at the Vatican. She has participated in Música en Compostela, Gijon International Piano Festival, and the Summer Institute for Contemporary Performance and Practice at the New England Conservatory, among other festivals. In 2016, she organized the Festival Granados: Composer, Pedagogue, and Virtuoso at New York University, a series of lectures and concerts about Enrique Granados in which she premiered a newly reconstructed version for piano quintet of Granados´ Concierto Patético by composer Sergi Casanelles. 

With mezzo soprano Anna Tonna, Isabel was awarded the 2016 New York Women Composers Seed Grant for their project Mujeres en Música, an initiative that promotes music composed by women in the United States and Spain. The project consists of two concerts per year (one at the Lincoln Center in New York and one at the International Institute in Madrid) in which they present music composed and performed by women. In addition to her concertizing career, Isabel leads the project UNSDSN-Youth Arts Twenty Thirty which combines arts with sustainability in the promotion of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

Isabel Pérez Dobarro is a Ph.D. candidate at NYU Steinhardt, where she started teaching as an Adjunct Instructor at age 19. She holds a Professional Studies degree from the Manhattan School of Music, a master’s degree from NYU Steinhardt and a bachelor’s degree from the Real Conservatorio Superior de Música de Madrid. Isabel is a member of the Executive Board of the Piano Teachers Congress of New York and co-chair of its Honors Program. She is the UN Focal point at the United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions Network Youth, President of the Beta Pi Chapter at the International Honors Society in Education Kappa Delta Pi, and the Western European Representative of the Fair Air Coalition. She is also part of the UNWTO Honorary Committee for the Conference “The Way of Saint James and the SDGs” along with their Majesties the King and Queen of Spain, the Prince of Liechtenstein, among others.  She obtained a J.D. in law from UNED and has completed courses in U.S Law and Methodologies courses at NYU SPS and the SDG Academy. She is currently a graduate certificate student in International Relations at Harvard University and an online student at the Harvard Business School HBX. 

